# REPORT 10d3b16a9e927f0caab2fa3b4bc4ea9d
source: seekingalpha
title: Worldline SA (WRDLY) Shareholder/Analyst Call Transcript
broker: Seeking Alpha
date: 2026-06-12
url: https://seekingalpha.com/article/4914400-worldline-sa-wrdly-shareholder-analyst-call-transcript?source=feed_all_articles

---

Worldline SA (
WRDLY
) Shareholder/Analyst Call June 11, 2026 8:30 AM EDT
Company Participants
Wilfried Verstraete
Charles-Henri de Taffin - Group General Secretary & General Counsel
Pierre-Antoine Vacheron - Chief Executive Officer
Srikanth Seshadri - Group Chief Financial Officer
Agnes Park
Presentation
Wilfried Verstraete
[Interpreted]
Ladies and gentlemen, dear shareholders, I'm very happy to welcome you in my capacity as Chairman for this Annual Shareholder Meeting 2026 of Worldline. I'd like to thank you for your attendance. As we usually do and so as to preserve the best practices, this meeting will be broadcasted live on the Internet in French and in English.
After the presentations of the management and the statutory auditors, we'll have a Q&A session. For those who are following this meeting remotely, you will also have the opportunity to put your questions via the Internet, via the online broadcasting interface. In my capacity as Chairman of the Board, I will chair this combined general meeting.
Besides me for the company, we have Mr. Pierre-Antoine Vacheron, who is the CEO on my left; Mr. Charles-Henri de Taffin, Secretary General on my right. And our Financial Manager, Srikanth, who is besides Pierre-Antoine. I'd like to also thank the members of the Board and the main managers of the group who are present in the room. I would like to, therefore, open this general shareholder meeting.
First of all, as to implement the applicable regulatory provisions, you're going to constitute the committee of this meeting that I will chair. I will ask the 2 shareholders who have the greatest number of votes and who have accepted this function to fill in the functions of scrutineers. This is Bpifrance Participations represented by Georges Ralli and Crédit Agricole S.A. represented by Olivier Rocard. They are besides me, and I'd like to thank them for their presence here. The committee is constituted.