# REPORT 3bd876f3f3b3cd5dd61a14563f53e5c1
source: seekingalpha
title: Quince Therapeutics, Inc. (QNCX) Shareholder/Analyst Call Prepared Remarks Transcript
broker: Seeking Alpha
date: 2026-06-12
url: https://seekingalpha.com/article/4914317-quince-therapeutics-inc-qncx-shareholder-analyst-call-prepared-remarks-transcript?source=feed_all_articles

---

Quince Therapeutics, Inc. (
QNCX
) Shareholder/Analyst Call June 11, 2026 1:00 PM EDT
Company Participants
Dirk Thye - CEO, Chief Medical Officer & Director
Brendan Hannah - Chief Business Officer, COO, Chief Compliance Officer and Principal Financial & Accounting Officer
Presentation
Operator
Hello, and welcome to the 2026 Quince Therapeutics Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Please note that this meeting is being recorded, and a replay will be posted to the Investor Relations section of Quince's website.
It is my pleasure to now turn the over to Dirk Thye, the company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Medical Officer, a member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the meeting. Dirk, the floor is yours.
Dirk Thye
CEO, Chief Medical Officer & Director
Thank you, and good morning. It's a pleasure to welcome you to Quince Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Thank you for joining us today live via our Internet webcast. It is 10:00 a.m. Pacific and time to call to order this Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Quince Therapeutics.
I'd like to introduce several members of our management team who are joining me on this virtual meeting today. Brigette Roberts, MD, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer of Quince and former CEO of Orphai Therapeutics; Brendan Hannah, our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Business Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, who is also acting as Secretary of the meeting today; and Sandy Leng, our Controller, Executive Director of Finance and Accounting.
We also have members of our Board of Directors present today. Also with us today is Dan Harris, representing BDO of USA, our independent registered public accountants, and he is available to respond to appropriate questions. Lastly, also present is Dan Lyman, representing Dorsey & Whitney, our outside corporate counsel; and Jordan Hirsch, representing Equiniti Transfer Agent Services, who is acting as our Inspector of Elections.