# REPORT 7e98f907014a1ce77cf33ebf18b24eb4
source: seekingalpha
title: DHI Group, Inc. (DHX) Shareholder/Analyst Call Transcript
broker: Seeking Alpha
date: 2026-06-12
url: https://seekingalpha.com/article/4905388-dhi-group-inc-dhx-shareholder-analyst-call-transcript?source=feed_all_articles

---

DHI Group, Inc. (
DHX
) Shareholder/Analyst Call May 15, 2026 1:00 PM EDT
Company Participants
Art Zeile - President, CEO & Director
E. Connolly - Chief Legal Officer & Corporate Secretary
Greg Schippers - Chief Financial Officer
Conference Call Participants
June Lutes
Presentation
Operator
Hello, and welcome to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of DHI Group, Inc. Please note that today's meeting is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn today's meeting over to Art Zeile, President and CEO of DHI Group, Inc. Mr. Zeile, the floor is yours.
Art Zeile
President, CEO & Director
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Art Zeile, President and CEO of DHI Group, Inc. It is a pleasure to welcome you here today. It is 11:00 a.m. Mountain Time, and in accordance with the notice of this meeting, I hereby call to order our Annual Meeting of Stockholders. As noted in our proxy statement, we have decided to continue hosting the Annual Meeting virtually to provide for greater participation as our stockholders are not centrally located. Thank you very much to those who are participating in our virtual meeting online today.
Displayed on the screen is the agenda for this meeting. It is our intention to conduct this meeting in accordance with this agenda. Stockholders may submit questions by clicking on the Dialogue icon in the upper right corner of the meeting center screen. If you need a copy of the annual report or the proxy statement the links are provided online. The rules of conduct for this meeting can be found on the meeting website. We are conducting this meeting in accordance with our second amended and restated bylaws and the rules of conduct.
Before proceeding to the business of the meeting, I'd like to introduce members of DHI's management who are joining