# REPORT c864d2da7df6d45c5f54a8b7b0e39737
source: seekingalpha
title: EnerSys (ENS) Analyst/Investor Day Transcript
broker: Seeking Alpha
date: 2026-06-12
url: https://seekingalpha.com/article/4914350-enersys-ens-analyst-investor-day-transcript?source=feed_all_articles

---

EnerSys (
ENS
) Analyst/Investor Day June 11, 2026 8:30 AM EDT
Company Participants
Charlotte Murnan
Shawn O'Connell - President, COO, President of Energy Systems Global & Director
Mark Mathews - CTO & President of Precision Power Solutions
Keith Fisher - President of Network & Infrastructure Solutions
Chad Uplinger - President of Industrial Mobility Solutions
John Benetti
Andrea Funk - Executive VP & CFO
Conference Call Participants
Noah Kaye - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Alfred Moore - ROTH Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division
Presentation
Charlotte Murnan
Good morning, everyone, and welcome to EnerSys 2026 Investor Day. We appreciate you taking the time to be here with us today, whether you're here in person or joining us virtually. I'm Charlotte Murnan, Senior Analyst of Investor Relations, and I'm pleased to welcome you to today's event. We're excited to spend the morning with you and provide a more detailed view into our company, our strategic priorities and the opportunities ahead of us.
Before I get to the agenda, I want to remind everybody that we'll be making some forward-looking statements. There are risks and uncertainties related to these statements. Please refer to the details in our safe harbor slide as well as our 10-K, which has a full list of those risks and uncertainties.
With that covered, let's go to the agenda. We have a full event planned this morning. We're going to begin with Shawn O'Connell, our President and Chief Executive Officer, who will discuss our focused strategy and how EnerSys is positioned to win as leaders in the diverse and growing end markets that we serve. Following Shawn, Mark Matthews, our Chief Technology Officer and President of our Precision Power Solutions, will dive deep into our customer-centric approach to innovation and new product development. From there, Keith Fisher will discuss Network & Infrastructure Solutions, followed by Chad Uplinger, who will discuss Industrial Mobility Solutions.